Why do crabs never give to charity? Because they're shellfish.
What's the best smelling insect? A deodor-ant.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow? You follow the fresh prints.
Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems.
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is!
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me
Have you heard of the band 1023MB? They haven't got a gig yet
You think swimming with sharks is expensive? Swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
A guy walks into a bar...and he was disqualified from the limbo contest.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
I'm not addicated to brake fluid. I can stop whenever I want
I once got fired from a canned juice company. Apparently I couldn't concentrate.
How do you get a good price on a sled? You have toboggan.
I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.
I don't trust those trees. They seem kind of shady.
I once had a dream I was floating in an ocean of orange soda. It was more of a fanta sea.
Whenever I try to eat healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers.
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta
What did the fish say when he hit the wall? Dam.
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
What do you call two monkeys that share an Amazon account? Prime mates.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know...
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
Why did the can-crusher quit his job? Because it was soda-pressing
I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it will get a reaction.
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
Dad, did you get a haircut? No I got them all cut
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
What do you call a hot dog on wheels? Fast food!
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square.
Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut!
What country's capital is growing the fastest? Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
Shout out to my fingers. I can count on all of them.
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the boat doc.
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends.
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!
Where do you learn to make a banana split? Sundae school.
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.
What do clouds wear? Thunderwear.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
My wife is on a tropical food diet, the house is full of the stuff, It's enough to make a mango crazy
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common? They're both Paris sites.
My dad told me a joke about boxing. I guess I missed the punch line.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Where does Fonzie like to go for lunch? Chick-Fil-Eyyyyyyyy
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right!
I’d like to give a big shout out to all the sidewalks, for keeping me off the streets
I knew I shouldn’t have had the seafood, I’m feeling a little eel
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged
What did the officer molecule say to the suspect molecule? I've got my ion you
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? I don't think they'll fit me
What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging.
Have you heard about the chocolate record player? It sounds pretty sweet.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck
Last night I dreamt I was a muffler. I woke up exhausted
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
How much does it cost Santa to park his sleigh? Nothing, it's on the house.
What do you call cheese by itself? Provolone
I hate jokes about german sausages. They're the wurst
What do you call a belt made of watches? A waist of time.
How can you tell if a tree is a dogwood tree? By its bark.
Where do you learn to make ice cream? Sunday school
Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends
What did one wall say to the other? I'll meet you at the corner.
What has more letters than the alphabet? The post office!
Can February March? No, but April May
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
How does a taco say grace? Lettuce pray.
If prisoners could take their own mug shots, they'd be called cellfies
How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere
Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain? It didn't have the guts.
What do you call an Argentinian with a rubber toe? Roberto
What does a bee use to brush its hair? A honeycomb!
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn't like it.
A skeleton walks into a bar and says, 'Hey, bartender. I'll have one beer and a mop.'
Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!
How did Harry Potter get down the hill? Walking. JK! Rowling.
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef?
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
What do you call a deer with no eyes? No idea
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite
'Ill call you later.' Don't call me later, call me Dad
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along.
Have you ever tried to catch a fog? I tried yesterday but I mist.
This graveyard looks overcrowded, people must be dying to get in there
What did one hat say to the other? Stay here! I'm going on ahead.
I used to hate facial hair...but then it grew on me.
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
I'm reading a book on the history of glue. I just can't seem to put it down
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
What do you call it when a snowman throws a tantrum? A meltdown.
If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?
Why do seagulls fly over the ocean? Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels.
What do you call a pony with a sore throat? A little horse
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.
Two satellites decided to get married. The wedding wasn't much, but the reception was incredible
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
Why are piggy banks so wise? They're filled with common cents.
Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing? In case they get a hole in one!
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head!
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
Did you know corduroy pillows are in style? They're making headlines.
Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.
What do you call a poor Santa Claus? St. Nickel-less.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? No, I don't think they'll fit me.
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
Why can't you have a nose 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it's tearable.
I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said never mind.
Why do bees hum? Because they don't know the words
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.
What does an annoying pepper do? It get’s jalapeño face
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off
What happens when a strawberry gets run over crossing the street? Traffic jam.
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen
Can February March? No, but April May!
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the pee is silent
What do you call a sketchy Italian neighbour hood? The Spaghetto
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products? A satisfactory.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired
What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college? Bison
What kind of car does an egg drive? A yolkswagen.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.
I bought shoes from a drug dealer once I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day
What's a robot's favorite snack? Computer chips.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
Our wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers
I've just been diagnosed as colorblind. I know, it certainly has come out of the purple
What do you call somebody with no body and no nose? Nobody knows
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Nevermind, it's tearable
Why did Billy get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.
What does a sprinter eat before a race? Nothing, they fast!
Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded in France? There was nothing left but de Brie
I used to play piano by ear. Now I use my hands.
Do you wanna box for your leftovers? No, but I'll wrestle you for them.
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated.
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, 'Sorry, we don't serve food here.'
Mountains aren't just funny. They're hill areas.
I am terrified of elevators. I'm going to start taking steps to avoid them
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with
What does garlic do when it gets hot? It takes its cloves off.
Where do young trees go to learn? Elementree school.
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since.
I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
I've got a great joke about construction, but I'm still working on it.
That car looks nice but the muffler seems exhausted.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.
What did the zero say to the eight? That belt looks good on you.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
`Dad, I'm hungry.` Hello, Hungry. I'm Dad
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.
How do you make 7 even? Take away the s.
If you see a crime happen at the Apple store, what does it make you? An iWitness.
What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn? Where's Pop Corn?
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
What do you call a pony with a sore throat? A little hoarse.
What does a lemon say when it answers the phone? Yellow!
I used to be a personal trainer. Then I gave my too weak notice.