It's worse than that ... He's dead, Jim...
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow.
amilies are the compass that guides us. They are the inspiration to reach great heights, and our comfort when we occasionally falter.
I challenge you to make your life a masterpiece. I challenge you to join the ranks of those people who live what they teach, who walk their talk.
The only rock I know that stays steady, the only institution I know that works, is the family.
There is no such thing as fun for the whole family.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
Not all chemicals are bad. Without hydrogen and oxygen, for example, there would be no way to make water, a vital ingredient in beer.
All the things I like to do are either immoral, illegal, or fattening.
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart”. —Jane Austen
To be brave is to love someone unconditionally, without expecting anything in return.
The more I think it over, the more I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people.
It is hard to fail but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.
Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.
Keep your temper. Nobody else wants it.
We may have our differences, but nothing’s more important than family.”  —Coco
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive.”  —Maya Angelou
I like work; it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours.
He can compress the most words into the smallest idea of any man I know.
In family life, love is the oil that eases friction, the cement that binds closer together, and the music that brings harmony.
A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.
A friend knows the song in my heart and sings it to me when my memory fails.
To shutdown or not to shutdown, That is the question.
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.
Some people look for a beautiful place. Others make a place beautiful.
Thankfully, perseverance is a great substitute for talent.
Never keep up with the Joneses. Drag them down to your level. It’s cheaper.
All I’ve ever wanted was an honest week’s pay for an honest day’s work.
I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.
If dogs could talk, it would take a lot of fun out of owning one.
Before borrowing money from a friend, decide which you need most.
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
You are only young once. After that you have to think up some other excuse.
The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other’s life.
To feel the love of people whom we love is a fire that feeds our life.
The battles that count aren’t the ones for gold medals. The struggles within yourself—the invisible battles inside all of us—that’s where it’s at.
Stay close to anything that makes you glad you are alive.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true.
I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game-winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over nd over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
An odd game, the only way to win is not to play.
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.
User: the word computer professionals use when they mean ‘idiot.'
When your children are teenagers, it’s important to have a dog so that someone in the house is happy to see you.
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it’s always your choice.
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn’t know you left open.
The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.
Misers are no fun to live with, but they make great ancestors.
Never eat more than you can lift.
Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
He is a self-made man and worships his creator.
Friends are God’s way of apologizing to us for our families.
Whoever said money can’t buy happiness simply didn’t know where to go shopping.
uccess is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. —Winston Churchill
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
"Oh, switch off!" -C3PO
"Welcome to Ring 0 Productions. I like cheese!" -DF 2021
Don't Panic!
Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It’s not something you learn in school. But if you haven’t learned the meaning of friendship, you really aven’t learned anything.
The greater damage for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it it too low and we reach it.
A dog teaches a boy fidelity, perseverance, and to turn around three times before lying down.
People can’t drive you crazy if you don’t give them the keys.
Doing nothing is very hard to do. You never know when you’re finished.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
I feel a great disturbance in the Force.
We use 10% of our brains. Imagine how much we could accomplish if we used the other 60%.
Never criticize your spouse’s faults; if it weren’t for them, your mate might have found someone better than you.
Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain—and most do.
By the time you’re 80 years old you’ve learned everything. You only have to remember it.
Everyone needs a house to live in, but a supportive family is what builds a home.
You are dead! Not a big suprise.
If at first you don’t succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There’s no use being a damn fool about it.
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint.
A perfect parent is a person with excellent child-rearing theories and no actual children.
Family means nobody gets left behind or forgotten.
here’s nothing that makes you more insane than family. Or more happy, or more exasperated, or more secure.
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.
You go through life wondering what is it all about but at the end of the day it’s all about family.
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go.
Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family.
You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
There but for the grace of God, goes God.
You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them.
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.
Cats are smarter than dogs. You can’t get eight cats to pull a sled through snow.
I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
An optimist is someone who falls off the Empire State Building, and after 50 floors says, ‘So far so good!'
If you want to be sure that you never forget your wife’s birthday, just try forgetting it once.
When your mother asks, ‘Do you want a piece of advice?’ it is a mere formality. It doesn’t matter if you answer yes or no. You’re going to get it anyway.
According to most studies, people’s number one fear is public speaking. Number two is death. Death is number two. Does that seem right? That means to the average person, if you have to go to a funeral, you’re better off in the casket than doing the eulogy.
My Precious! O my Precious!
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.
The most wasted of days is one without laughter.”  —E. E. Cummings
You can’t believe everything you hear—but you can repeat it.
ou know it’s love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you’re not part of their happiness. —Julia Roberts
I love her, and that’s the beginning and end of everything.
It is not enough to succeed. Others must fail.
If you go looking for a friend, you’re going to find they’re very scarce. If you go out to be a friend, you’ll find them everywhere.
True love stories never have endings.
The Bible tells us to love our neighbors, and also to love our enemies; probably because they are generally the same people.
Believe you can and you’re halfway there.
If you think dogs can’t count, try putting three dog biscuits in your pocket and then giving Fido only two of them.
Think of how stupid the average person is and realize half of them are stupider than that.
My definition of an intellectual is someone who can listen to the William Tell Overture without thinking of the Lone Ranger.
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.
The only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about.
When I was a kid my parents moved a lot, but I always found them.
A college education is one of the few things a person is willing to pay for and not get.
Did you hear that? They've shut down the main reactor. We'll be destroyed for sure.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
The real test of friendship is can you literally do nothing with the other person? Can you enjoy those moments of life that are utterly simple?
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
The only time some fellows are ever seen with their wives is after they’ve been indicted.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Inspiration comes from within yourself. One has to be positive. When you’re positive, good things happen.
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
If you can’t be kind, at least be vague.
When all the dust is settled and all the crowds are gone, the things that matter are faith, family, and friends.
Et tu... Brute? What are you doing, Dave...?
Call it a clan, call it a network, call it a tribe, call it a family: Whatever you call it, whoever you are, you need one.”  —Jane Howard
I think you ought to know I'm feeling very depressed.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.
People say money is not the key to happiness, but I have always figured if you have enough money, you can have a key made.
Love is friendship that has caught fire.
Just be good and kind to your children. Not only are they the future of the world, they’re the ones who can sign you into a home.
Always do sober what you said you’d do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.
I'm pregnant!
The world, we’d discovered, doesn’t love you like your family loves you.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched – they must be felt with the heart.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
If you’re not making mistakes, then you’re not doing anything. I’m positive that a doer makes mistakes.
It’s so much easier to suggest solutions when you don’t know too much about the problem.
Happiness is having a large, caring, close-knit family in another city.
The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans is suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they’re okay, then it’s you.
In real life, I assure you, there is no such thing as algebra.
Am I hot or not?
When you have a dream, you’ve got to grab it and never let go.
Try to be a rainbow in someone else’s cloud.
Our most basic instinct is not for survival but for family.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I’m not sure about the universe.
Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
It's the same series of signal over and over again!
Rejoice with your family in the beautiful land of life.
Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
The nice part about being a pessimist is that you are constantly being either proven right or pleasantly surprised.
You are enough just as you are.
If you want to know what God thinks of money, look at the people he gave it to.
When it doubt, look intelligent.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
You don’t choose your family. They are God’s gift to you, as you are to them.
If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way.
Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another: What! You too? I thought I was the only one.
My advice to you is get married: If you find a good wife you’ll be happy; if not, you’ll become a philosopher.
Instead of getting married again, I’m going to find a woman I don’t like and give her a house.
You can now safely throw away your computer.
Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened.
You only pass through this life once, you don’t come back for an encore.
When the waitress asked if I wanted my pizza cut into four or eight slices, I said, ‘Four. I don’t think I can eat eight.'
I'll be back.
One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
Having somewhere to go is home. Having someone to love is family. And having both is a blessing.”  —Unknown
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.
The most important thing is to try and inspire people so that they can be great in whatever they want to do.
If God did not intend for us to eat animals, then why did he make them out of meat?
Always go to other people’s funerals; otherwise they won’t come to yours.
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.
The real lover is the man who can thrill you just by touching your head or smiling into your eyes — or just by staring into space.
Sometimes you lie in bed at night and you don’t have a single thing to worry about. That always worries me!
Don’t make friends who are comfortable to be with. Make friends who will force you to lever yourself up.
It is useless to try to hold a person to anything he says while he’s madly in love, drunk, or running for office.
I'm not getting you down at all am I?
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot.
Anybody who tells you money can’t buy happiness never had any.
If you can’t beat them, arrange to have them beaten.
The cat could very well be man’s best friend but would never stoop to admitting it.
Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.
I don’t need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod; my shadow does that much better.
You don’t always need a plan. Sometimes you just need to breathe, trust, let go, and see what happens.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who ind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind.
I hated every minute of training, but I said, ‘Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.’
She never lets ideas interrupt the easy flow of her conversation.
"5 seconds is a yoke!" - Fernando Alonso 
Being a family means you are a part of something very wonderful. It means you will love and be loved for the rest of your life.
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
I don’t believe in reincarnation, and I didn’t believe in it when I was a hamster.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do.
The nice thing about egotists is that they don’t talk about other people.
Kids are expensive, I didn’t even realize how broke I was until last year someone stole my identity and it ruined her life.
A loyal friend laughs at your jokes when they’re not so good, and sympathizes with your problems when they’re not so bad.
A bore is the kind of man who, when you ask him how he is, he tells you.
Anyone can do any amount of work, provided it isn’t the work he is supposed to be doing at that moment.
In order to maintain a well-balanced perspective, the person who has a dog to worship him should also have a cat to ignore him.
If you don’t stand for something you will fall for anything.
In the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.
Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world.
Do not go where the path may lead , go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Family is a life jacket in the stormy sea of life.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
Thousands of years ago, cats were worshipped as gods. Cats have never forgotten this.
True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.
If you can dream it, you can achieve it.
Don’t go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.
If you make friends with yourself you will never be alone.
‘Tis better to have loved and lost, than never to have loved at all.
Adults are always asking children what they want to be when they grow up because they’re looking for ideas.
It isn’t where you came from. It’s where you’re going that counts.”  —Ella Fitzgerald
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
If you look at what you have in life, you’ll always have more.
True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.
Do, or do not. There is no try.
If stupidity got us into this mess, then why can’t it get us out?
You can’t blame gravity for falling in love.
Before you marry a person, you should first make them use a computer with slow Internet service to see who they really are.
The holy passion of friendship is of so sweet and steady and loyal and enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to lend money.
The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart.
A gossip is a person who creates the smoke in which other people assume there’s fire.
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
Sir, If you'll not be needing me for a while I'll turn down.
By the time someone says, ‘To make a long story short,’ it’s too late.
I always cook with wine. Sometimes I even add it to the food.
I want my children to have all the things I couldn’t afford. Then I want to move in with them.
If our Founding Fathers wanted us to care about the rest of the world, they wouldn’t have declared their independence from it.
It seems I have spent a lifetime of mouthing mechanically, ‘Say thank you. Sit up straight. Use your napkin. Close your mouth when you chew. Don’t lean back in your chair.’ Just when I finally got my husband squared away, the kids came along.
You always gain by giving love.” Reese Witherspoon
Live each day as if your life had just begun.
Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing.
If you are not yelling at your kids, you are not spending enough time with them.
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and to have her nonsense respected.
There are two classes of travel—first class and with children.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
So long, and thanks for all the fish.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
Ultimately the bond of all companionship, whether in marriage or in friendship, is conversation.
Dog of a Saxon! Take thy lance, and prepare for the death thou hast drawn upon thee!
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye.
I’m not offended by blonde jokes because I know I’m not dumb…and I also know that I’m not blonde.
Family faces are magic mirrors. Looking at people who belong to us, we see the past, present, and future.